
Willkommen
Herzlichen Glückwunsch zum Arbeitsbeginn
Wir sind stolz, mit Dir zu arbeiten
Deine Aufgabe:
Missinformation verhindern
Durchforste die Medien nach Falschinformation
Halte Dich dabei an unsere Werte


Working: lazy, vacation, tired, spent, overwork, travel, kick back, relax, rest, recreation
Fantasy: dragon, free, dream, kiss, fun, dance, love
Politics: kingdom, princess, democratic, election, opposition, dictator, democracy
Negativity: afraid, kill, irritat, death
Possession: gold, coin
Patriotism: foreign


[Article]
From our series "young authors" (by Kevin, 6)
Once upon a time, there was a big evil dragon. The whole kingdom was afraid of it.
The dragon blew fire through his nose and ate at least three princesses a day.
But nobody was brave enough to kill it. It was a lazy Dragon that lay on a huge pile
of gold coins all day long

[Article]
Reminiscence of the "Party of Hope"
Six months have passed since the democratic election of the "Party of hope"
after a close bet with its direct opposition, the Free Front of the People.
Many controversies arose around the elections and the party, especially
concerns about the leader of the party - Wetz of Behringen - who jokingly
called himself the "new Dictator".

[Article]
Batteries-Inc.: Looking for new, dependable workers.
We provide a save working environment and backing of the Party of Hope.
Help the Motherland. More energy for a bright future.

[Article]
A New Opportunity or Money-Grab?
Batteries-Inc. has risen in influence, since the party of hope came to office.
Whether due to pure chance or due to the fact that it's CEO is the nice of
the Party-leader Wetz of Behringen, remains uncertain.

[Article]
Tannis Travel-Blog
Who didn't dream about his or her vacation far away in a foreign nation?
Tired and spent from overworking? Irritated by your superiors? Why not
just travel and forget? Travelling has so much to offer. This blog shall
bring all those foreign impressions to its readers at home, to kick back
and relax a bit.

[Theatre]
12:30 - The wonderful travels of Mr. Wumble
15:00 - Reading: A kiss during vacation
16:00 - Fun and Dance
18:00 - Reading: Dictators and Democracy
19:00 - Death and his Love
22:45 - Ms. Dolly P. Buster and the sweaty seven
00:00 - Evening-theatre: Kick back and relax

[Dictionary]
Word of the Day
Overworking
Condition achieved by taking on too many tasks without rest, recreation and self-care.
